Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Spending too much time on watching sports on TV and following your favorite team would have a bad effect on your life.

	Sports are loved all across the world. Some of them even spend a large amount of time watching sports on TV and collecting all kinds of information about their favorite sports teams. This phenomenon gives rise to a grave concern about whether excessive focus on sports could bring a bad effect on life. As far as I am concerned, spending too much time on sports undoubtedly sscrews up one's life. I am going to elabrote this point in the following paragraph.
	
	Firstly, the addiction to sports is detrimental to family harmony. It is bacause family is suppose to be a place where members care about each other by listening, talking and offering help, but the obsession with sports would definitely deprive people of the "quality time" that belongs to all family members. Imagine such a scene: a wife wants to ask advice about changing jobs from her hasband, but the husband seems like indifferent and aloof. Later, the wife finds out that her husband has his mind stuffed with foorball matches, leaving no rooom for listening to his wife's inner voice.
	
	Secondly, physysical condition would be negatively affected by excessive attention attention to sports on TV as well as to sports teams. Fascination with something often comes at a cost. People go after sports stars and sports events at the sacrifice of losing opportunities to rest or exercise. For example, I have a neighbor who is a maniac football fan. During 2010 world Cup in South Africa, he stayed up every night to watch the games because of the time difference. Inadequate sleep and great pressure of work undermined his health and he developed serious problems with his heart.
	
	On the other hand, there are indeed some benefits that watching sports and following favorites teams can bring to people. For instance, in social occasions, sports can make an ideal topic among new friends. Having a knowlege of sports is helpful for interpersonal communication. However, if we fail to manage our time and let our mania encroach the time to work, exercise and communicate with family, undisrable consequences would occur.
	
	From what has been discussed above, we can safely draw a conclusion that too much time on watching sports prograns and following sports teams do have bad influence on our life. As an old saying goed, things would turn for the worse if they go extreme. Having a hobby is a good thing, but if we do not juggle it with our life, it would become an obstacle.