Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is better to relax by a movie or reading a book than doing physical exercises.

	At present, in the wake of intense competition in workspace, people are exposed to a great deal of presure. In order to relax, they tend to take approaches such as watching films, reading books or doing exercises. Some people claim that it is nto wise wo do physical exercises when stressing out. However, from my point of view, physical exercises are exactly what a stressful person needs. My point view is based on the following reasons and examples.
	
	The first benefit that doing physical exercise can bring is that during the exercises, people's mind is set at ease. Mental relaxation is something that modern people particulaly require in such a competitive world. Physical exercises unwind us by shifting our concerntration from work to breathing or muscle building .Nevertheless, watching movies and reading books, in most cases, yeild a counterproductive results, for our minds are still running espcially in  the middle of nerve-racking thrillers or functions. Taking myself for example, my tiredness as a result of a full day's work will be gone after finishing 1 kilometer's joggingon the treadmill without thinking about work.
	
	In addition, physical exercises are conducive to people's condition, which intensifies their resistance against fatigue. Although a person may feel exhausted physically after doing some sports, his or her cardiocasacular system is enhanced during the exercises, and the blood circulation would become more efficient. In contrast, watching movies and reading books make people inactive, thus serious physical problem. For example, my uncle is a software engineer. His job is nothing but writing codes in front of conputers all year round. Instead of doing any sports, he tends to watch movies and eat snacks to relax. As a result, obesity and high blood pressure have come along.
	
	Admittedly, I do not mean that watching movies and reading books play no role in helping people relax, After all, our bodies are at rest while watching moives or reading books. However, compared to doing exercises, sitting there watching or reading is to a large extent detrimental to our physical health because the state if inactivity would weaken our ability to get rid of stress. In addition, the excessive use of eyes could undoubtly bring harms to our sights.
	
	To put it in a nutshell, doing exercises is more advantageous than watching movies or reading books in helping people relax. It is because exercises not only provide a perfect opportunity to relax our mind, but also en people to stand up to pressure of work.