Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents must have strict rules to help their children to be successful.

	In oriental countries, a child's achievement is traditionally believed to link to a family's glory. The idea that "spare a rod, spoil a child" runs inside a family from generation to generation. Thus, an interesting discussion has arisen: Are strict rules a necessity to help children to be successful? As far as I am concerned, strict rules could be counterproductive when being employed by parents to educate their children. My viewpoint is based on following reasons and examples.
	
	Firstly, strict rules weaken children's creativity and imagination. In this fast-changing society, the ablity to try something new and do away with old routines is more important than ever before. Unfortunately, many parents use strict rules to cofine children's behaiors and thoughts to a cranped space. They tell their kids what should be done and what shouldn't, depriving them of freesom to set their their minds free. A good case in point is that most of the leading innovative companies were born in open and free countries such as the US, rather than in countries where strict rules are dominant ways of education.
	
	Secondly, strict rules are disadvantageous to the cultivation of communicative ability, which is one of the most important qualities a successful person must have. Good communicative skills help us not only secure our principles, but alse gain more benefits. Nevertheless, strict rules make people obedient and afraid of fighting for their own interests. A child raised in  a family full of strict rules tends to make compromises and blindly follow the foorsteps of others. Taking my cousin for example, having been affected by strict rules for long, he has lost the courage to argue with others, always outting himself in the inferior position of a nagotiation.
	
	Admittedly, I am not saying that strict rules sre good for nothing. They do have their values in the development of kids. For instance, the personality of children nurtures by strict parents tend to be steady and modest, which allows them to lead a secure life in the future. However, if viewed from another angle, that "vantage point" of strict rules is actually plausible, because children's characteris likely tobe rounded off, which makes them obedient and modiocre.
	
	From what has been disscussed above, we can safely draw a conclusion that parents should abandon the use of strict rules to educate their kids. On one hand, the strict rules put a limit on children's creativity and imagination. On the other hand, they wear down the children's bravery to express different ideas and fight for their own interests.