Some people prefer to buy technological devices as soon as they are available to the public. Others prefer to wait until many people have used them. Which do you prefer?

	With the progress of science and technology, various technological devices keep meerging one after another, and meantime, the same type of product evolves with faster speed of iteration. This trend people into two kinds: the first kind is apt to purchase what come out immediately whereas the other kind waits till the product is widely used. Personally speaking, Ibelong to the latter kind of people who are conservative when purchasing things. There are a couple of reasons and examples that support my viewpoints.
	
	Firstly, it is wise to buy a device later when its deficiencies get fixed. It is because when a new technological device is available to the public for the first time, there may be several unnoticed imperfection about it. With the growing number of user reporting the problems to the manufacturers, the following versions are bound to surpass the original ones in terms of quality. Taking iPhone 4 for example. This product suffered sharp criticism over signal-receiving problems caused by its ill-designed antenna. After rounds of optimizations, the later versions of iPhone 4 became stable in function and earned its worldwide reputation gradually.
	
	Secondly, the price of a newly launched technological device often comes with bubbles, which means the quality-price ratio is not satisfactory at the very beginning. According to the law of supply and demand, when a popular device is firstly brought to the market, the supply falls short of demand, which will result in a higher price than its real value, but after a period of time, the price will return to a reasonable level. For example, the initial price for Surface, a product of Microsoft, was set at around $600, which was somewhat unaffordable to ordinary consumers. Three months later the price was cut down to $300 which was a good price.
	
	It is true that one who buys a technological device as soon as it comes out can enjoy the latest technology earlier than the rest of us. However, if he chooses to buy it after an amount of time, his experience will be better because lots of deficiencies will be fixed. Besides, since modern technological devices are iterating rapidly, always buying a new device is not different to wasting money.
	
	In short, I prefer to buy a technological device after it is widely used. As an old saying goes, good things are worth waiting, Facing a new fascinating technological device, it would be better for us to wait until the price comes down and the quality becomes better.
	