Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important investment of a company is to improve the work skills of the employee.

	A company always has a variety of investments to make for its own development. Some are conducive to the expasion of its bussiness while some are aimed at promoting its employees' well-being. It is argued that employees' work skill are central to a company's development, which deserves the most funds. From my perspective, this assertion is biased because there are at least two other critical invest projects. Iam going to elaborate both of them in the following paragraphs.
	
	One critical investment a company can make is to enhance employee's sense of happiness. This kind of investment is essential because whether employees are happy or not concerns their productive and creativity. If a worker has been working with a negative mood for long, his motivation, enthusiasm and morale will gradually wear thin, which eventually harms the interests of the company. For example, I once read a piece of news that a big construction company in China filed bankruptcy, because it not only always made its employees work overtime, but also withheld salaries-those practices are like digging its own grave.
	
	Another significant investment is to bring along talents. Undoubtedly, human is the key factor to the success or failure of an enterprise. We can see that even the best companies in the world never slack off in looking for top talents. For a company that wants to build a longterm competitiveness, one of its most important strategies is to seek the right person. Baidu,one of the best Internet companies of China, is a good case in point. Not long ago, it heavily invested in recruiting Andrew Ng to be in charge of the company's new project, who is the creator of "Coursera" -the world famous online learning platform.
	
	Admittedly, Iam not denying the necessity of improving employees' work skills. As we all know, skillful workers are the premise for high productivity, which helps increase a company's profit margin. Never the less, the assertion that to improve the work skill of employees is the most important investment seems too arbitrary and unilateral, for other kinds of crucial types of investment, which can also play a key role in the development of a company, are ignored.
	
	Ina word, to improve employeed's work skills is important, but it is not the most important investment. It is because a series of investment projects are equally important to the development of a company, including enhancing employees's sense of happiness and introducing excellent talents as mentioned above.