Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Compared with the ability to make new friends easily, the ability to maintain friendship with a small group of people is more important and decides your happiness.

	As social creatures, human being cannot live without firends. Old friends can make an emotional reliance while some newly made friends are ingredients spicing up our lives. Thus, a heated debate has arisen about which following ability is more important: the ability to keep rapport with a samll group of people or the ability to make a lot of friends. As far as I'm concerned, the former ability overweights the latter one. My reason and examples are given below.
	
	Firstly, the firendship with asmall group of people is more solid and stable. In our lives, we have known a good many people for social purpose, and most of them are no more than "situational friends," who just come and go. Taking my father for example, he is a salesman with complicated social connections, who has to show up in all kinds of socail occasions, but he once told me that he could not even remember his new friends' names. Thus, in this sense, I would rather spend time maintaining with some one I really trust.
	
	Secondly, maintaining the friendship with a small number of people can bring ling-term benefits to us. With limited time and attention, we are unlikely to keep a large circle of friends and invest emotionally in each one of them equally. On the contrary, if we take good care of a couple true friends, they will also trust us sincerely in return. For example, I have several congenial friends, whoi hold the same values as I do. Every time I feel confused and disappointed about my life, their comfort and encouragement always make me full of energy.
	
	Admittedly, I am not denying the importance of making now friends quickly. In fact, this kind of ability does hace its value. For instance, when you are introubles, new friends could probably help you out if they happened to be useful. However, in most case, if a new friend helps you, he or she must want something back from you. It's like a deal. Besides, the relationship with new friends is not stable, because it has not experienced the test of time.
	
	To put it in the nutshell, the ability to maintain old friends outweights the ability to get know new people. As a famous quote goes, God gave us relativies, but thank God we can choose our friends. Truth be told, the quantity of friends does not matter. What really matters id the quality of friends.