Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? As modern life becomes more complex, it is essential for young people to have the ability to plan and orginaize.

	As modern world becomes imcreasingly complicated, young people are required to be versatile to achieve success in theri life or career. Thus, people are beginning to disscuss about which ability are essential for young generation. Some people point out that the ability to plan and organize plays a fundamental role in helping young people survive this highly complitive society, and I believe this without a doubt. Myreasons and examples are given below.
	
	To begin with, the ability to plan keeps us from losing ourselves in endless tasks. As is knoen to all, today's yound people have to deal with far greater number of tasks than people didi in the past. If one placks the ability to paln, he would drown in tons of jobs, because things keep popping out all the time. Taking a modern college student for example, he usually has plenty of work todo, but time is always pressing . Ina short period of time, he may have to handle a term paper, earn extra credits by playing the role as a teaching assistant, and search for an internship program. Under such a circumstance, a good plan can clearly help him allocate his time and energy well, which guarantees an effecient accomplishment of all the tasks.
	
	Inaddition, the ability toorganize enable young people to make better use fo accessible recource to help them achieve goals. In modern world, one cannot achieve anything without resources such as social connections, funds or imformation. More importantly, these resources only work when being integrated together in a proper way. For example, my cousin, the head of a college photography club, has made his club very popular among students, which is absolutely attributed to his exellent abality to organize. He once held a successful photography exhibition on campus. Before that, he mobilized every member to pitch in for the activity, and settled the dund issue by finding some sponsors outside the campus.
	
	Adimittedly, I am not denying the fact that there are other important abilities that young people should possess: the ability to express themselves, the ability to make new friends, or the ability to empathize with others. However, as I mentioned before, the ability to plan and organize plays a fundamental role in yound people's lives or work. The two essential abilities are like cornerstone on which other abilities are built.
	
	Fromwhat has been disscussed above, we can draw a conclusion that the developent of the ability to plan and orginaize is of vital importance to young people at present times. It is because the ability to plan improves our efficiency to handling tasks, and the ability to organize helps us to optimize the use of resources around us.
	