Which factor influences you the most when it comes to a major purchase? 1)recommendations from your friends or colleagues; 2)imformation from media; 3)salesman in the market.

	When it comes to purchasing expensive goods, people are inclined to think twice. They are most likely to be influenced by imformation sources from friends and colleagues, from media, or from salesman in the market. In my opinion, among all those factors that will affect them, frends or colleagues' recommendations play the most important role in helping people make the final decision. I am going to elaborate my point of view in the following paragraphs.
	
	First of all, friends and colleagues are most sincere to us. When giving us imformation about a certain product, our friends or colleagues tend to share with us their true feelings about it. In contrast, TV commercials and salesmen may well brag about the quality of the product, so as to persuade us to pay the money as soon as possible. For example, if I plan to puechase a car in a Automobile 4S shop, the salesman will usually lure me to buy a more expensive one with all kinds of coupons and gift. However, if I resort to a friend who knows cars well, he will guide me to buy the one much suitable for my situation.
	
	In addition, friends and colleagues provide us with more valurable imformation about the product. On no account could they give us useful information about a product without the expensive of using it. Thus, they must have a deep understanding of the product in terms of its quality, function and value. In this sense, their advice is more worth considering. Taking myself for example, I have been very satisfied with the computer that was bought the other day. Except for its reasonable price, its performance far exceeds my expectation, which is attributed to the recommendations from my friend Jack, who has already had one.
	
	Addittedly, I am not saying that recommendations from friends and colleagues are absolutely correct. It is because they may have their personal preferences when buying the goods, and therefore what they recommend to us may not be perfectly fit for us own situations. However, as long as we are fully aware of our true needs and avoid following others' footsteps blindly, there will be nothing to worry about.
	
	In conclusion, when it comes to a major purchase, I prefer to turn to my friends or colleagues for recommendations or advice. It is not only because their words are more reliable but also because their information can help us reduce the risk of making false decisions.