Which do you prefer? Some people would like to upload pictures and other information on social networking websites while others do not like to create such rocords.

	As Internet technology advances at an accelerating rate, social networking si no longer a fresh word to modern people. Allegedly, net citizens all over the world upload a sea of information onto various social networking websites every day. This phenomenon triggers a heated debate on whether it is proper to create person information on social media. Personally speaking, there in nothing wrong with pravice. Instead, it brings lots of benefits to both individuals and society. Reasons and examples are given below.
	
	For individuals, uploading personal information on social media is an important way to enhance interpersonal relationship. Inarguably, we will feel it is interesting to learn about what is happening to our friends by browsing information they have posted on social media, include texts, pictures, and videos. They must feel the same way when checking out ours. This kind of interaction shortens the distance between friends, even between strangers. Every time I travel to a beautiful place, I will take many pictures and post everything I like about it on Twitter and Facebook. Minutes later, I will recieve lots of my friends' comments, which is indeed an effective social interaction.
	
	For society, positive information posted onto social media encourages more people to take actions to make the world a better place. With the help of social media, a tiny good idea coming from an individual stands a fair chance to spark up the whole society's passion. Recently,starting from unknown sources, an activity called "smile challange" has dominated Chinese Internet enviroment. The activity demands to post the pictures of the challenger's smile and their own smile online and pass the challange on. Aiming to arouse the public's awareness of children suffering from cleft lip and palate, this activity soon gets support from all walks of life.
	
	Granted, uploading personal pictures and other information on social networking websites can heve some downsides. For instance, the security of our personal information will be put at risk, since our home addresses and telephone numbers may be exposed unconsciously. However, as long as we pay extra attention to what we decide to upload and make sure that the information does not involve anything related to our or other's pravicy, there is nothing to be worried about.
	
	In short, it is totally appropriate to upload pictures and other information onto social networking websites. Facing the advant of the age of social networking, we should learn to embrance it instead of running away from it, even though minor problems do exist.