The school has been funding for students to participate in different types of activities, but this year, due to the lack of money, the school will fund only one activity. Which one should the school fund: sports, arts or volunteering?

	As the enrollment of students is expending, many schools are struggling to pay all kinds of bills. In order to alleviate current financial stress, the school suthority decides to stop funding some of the activities provided to studnets. Now a heated debate has arisen about which one of the following activities deserves a continued investment: sports, arts or volunteering. From my perspective, sports should be the last one to be stopped. My reasons are as follows.
	
	Firstly, sports make students physically strong. High expectations from parents and heavy workload bring enormous pressure to today's students. Thus, they cannot hang on without a good physical codition. In this sense, sports play an indispensable role in a student's campus life. If the school stops funding sports, students will fail to do well in study due to the damage on healthy. My high school is a good case in point, Which attaches great importance to sports. The school authority would rather purchase sports equipment than spend money on  the decorations of teaching buildings. We students are real beneficiaries of our school's policy-- having good bodies.
	
	Besides, sports provide students with an expenience different from study, which is conducive to students' overall development. As an old saying goes, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Going to school is not all about study, and there must be something different for students to experience. Sports are such ideal activities in which students learn to complete against others and cooperate with team members, and they also realize the importance of being higher, faster and stronger. Those qualities are lifelong assets. Many successful figures, like Jack Ma, the president of Alibaba group, may be not the straight-A students back in school days, but they share one thing in common: the love for sports.
	
	Admittedly, I am not denying the importance of arts and volunteering. They do have their own values respectively. For instance, arts nurture students' ability to apprtciate the beauty of the world, and volunteering activities help them develop a sense of social responsibility. However, these advantages are dwarfed by that of sports, because sports are closely linked to one's health, and without a good body, nothing can be accomplished.
	
	From what have been discussed above, we can draw a conclusion that school should by no means cut down the expenditure on sports. It is not only because sports guarantee good body conditions for students but also endow them with valuable qualities that will be beneficial in their whole lives.