Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Life today is easier and more comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children.

	As society is developing by leaps and bounds, tremendous changes have taken place in people's life. Nevertheless, some senior citizens complain that enviroment and harmonious interpersonal are gone. As far as I'm concerned, despite some problems that come along with social progress, I still believe today's life to be easier and more comfortable than it was when our grandparents were children. I am going to elaborate my viewpoints from three aspects as follows.
	
	To begin with, modern communication technology has reshaped our lives and brout us much convenience. To be specific, with the wide application of smart phones and Internet, it is possible for people to contact each other conveniently and efficiently. For example, Lily, one of my best friends, is lucky to be admitted to be a famous university in America, which means we cannot hang out together like before. But thanks to modern communication technology, we still keep in frequent touch with each other on Skype anytime, anywhere. Therefore, it feels we have never been apart.
	
	Besides, a variety of means of transportstion makes it efficient and comfortable for people to move around. Subways, taxis, pravite cars, and good examples in point. When they felt like going to the urban center, it usually took them more than one hour in  the past, because of the bumpy roads and low-efficient vehicles. But nowadays, with great improvement of road condition and advanced means of transportation, they only have to spend at most 20 minutes traveling from home to the city. In scorching summers, passengers can enjoy cool fresh air inside vehicels equipped with air-conditioner, which makes the trip very comfortable.
	
	Last but not least, today's ample food supply and various food choise are something beyond imagination in the past. Decades ago, in China, all foods used to be arranged by the government, an averge family was only allocated 1 jin of pork and 5 jin of rice every week. In contrast, nowadays, we never have to worry about the shortage food, because we can buy all kinds of food in supermarket and snack bars all over the city.
	
	To sum up, with the progress os economy and technology, we have enough reasons to believe that today's life is more comfortable and easier than it was in the past. If our government takes efficient measures to solve the enviroment problem, our world will become a better place to live.