The university has assigned tasks for students in summer vacation: to attend a course inrrelevant to their major , or to do community services. Which do you prefer?

	Summer vacation is a great opportunity for students to engage in meaningful things such as taking part-time jobs, traveling or attending practical courses. In order to enrich students' summer vacation, a university requires its students to choose one of the following two tasks: to attend a course irrelevant to their major or to do community servise. As far as I'm concerned, doing community service is a better choise. My reasons and examples are given below.
	
	In the first place, community service can raise students' sense of social responsibility. At school, students do not usually have much time to keep in touch with society, because they have to study hard to get the credits. But social experiences is important to one's overall development. By doing community service, students undertand it is not easy to live in this world, which will make them more down-to-earth. I once offered my help to senior citizens in a community. They are some poor old people without any kids around. I helped them clean the rooms and chatted with them. This experience made me realize there are many old people who need care and love.
	
	In addition, students can discover career direction from community service. As competition becomes increasingly fierce, people with new and different thoughts are likely to stand out from the rest. Some amazing ideas just come from doing community service because participates can notice the real needs from residents, and then discover the potential business opportunities. My cousin, together with his team, has discovered a popular APP and attracted a major investment. The customers just need to pick what they want and make orders online, and goods will be delivered to their doors as quickly as possible. He told me this idea is derived from one of his community service expeience.
	
	Admittedly, I am not denying the value of attending a course irrelevant to their major. It indeed can broaden one's horizon and help them acquire knowledge of other fields. However, just like an old saying goes, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Though knowledge is good, social experience is of equal importance. Summer vacation is a perfect chance for them to get some social experience, instead of continuously focusing on lectures, textbooks and other academic stuff.
	
	To sum up, compared with attending a course, doing community service should be given enough emphasis. It is because by doing community service, students' sense of social responsibility will be aroused, and they may discover new opportunities for achieving success.