In today's world, which ability is more important: cooperative ability or leadership?

	As modern society is developing by leaps and bounds, cooperative ability and leadership appear increasingly important in today's workplace. Recently, an interesting discussion has arisen about which one of the above-mentioned work skills is greater significance. From my perspective,  compared with leadership, cooperative ability should be given the priority. I am going to elaborate this view point in the following paragraphs.
	
	Firstly, cooperative can help create a harmonious atmosphere among co-workers. As is known to all, a relaxing and friendly atmosphere can endow people with a nice mood, which allows them to work with more efficiency. By contrast, even a person with great leadership will more or less impose some pressure on others, which will make them feel somewhat uncomfortable. I am a student of computer science and I am lucky to be part of an excellent research team. Even though there is no leader, we still have issued papers on some influential journals, which can be attributed to our spirit of teamwork.
	
	In addition, mistakes could be corrected due to the cooperation between each other. Cooperation lets every member enjoy the equal right to point out the mistakes made by others. The mutual correction could guaratee a right path for the whole team. On the contrary, a strong leader usually deprives the subordinates of the ability and willingness to challenge authority. If that's the case, there is a good chance for the team to go in a wrong direction. A good case in point is Hitler in Nazi German. He si considered to be a tough leader, but it is his powful leardership that led the German to the verge of collapse.
	
	Admittedly, I am not denying the value of leadership. For instance, a good leader can use this ability to prevent a team from sliding into chaos, and put everything in order. However, in modern world, the so-called stability and orderness is likely to impede a team from making greater success. Only by joint efforts between each other, a member's creativity and vitality can be activited, which is actually the secret of success.
	
	In the nutshell, from what have discussed above, a conclusion can be made: the cooperative ability plays a pivotal role in today's world. It is not only because cooperation creates harmony throughout the team, but also it works as an effective tool to help the team members correct each other's mistakes.