Some people prefer city life, while others prefer rural life. Which kind of life do you prefer?

	City and village are two main kind of habitats for human beings on planet, and each place has its own advantages and disadvantages. Thus, a heated debate has been raised about which one of them is more comfortable for citizens to live in. As far as I am concerned, compared with villiage, city life caters to my appetite more. I am going to elaborate this point of view in the following paragraphs.
	
	To begin with, city life is more convenient than that of village. As is known to us, advanced public transportation system in urban area provides citizens with a great mobility, which means that they don't have spend much time moving from one place to another. By contrast, in village, fewer means of transportation options are available because of the backward infrastructure. Let's imagine such a scene: someone gets sick, and he has to be sent to the hospital immediately, which can possibly be done in urban city. If he was in rural area, the consequence might be be significantly serious.
	
	In addition, city dwellers can enjoy more opportunities to realize their dreams than villagers do. In cities, especially in metropolises, a great many job opportunities are offered, and also there is superior surroundings where young people can carve out their own business. Unlike a city, village does not have many big companies and a good business environment. My brother, a smart boy, had benn living in the uptown before the age of 23, and farm works occupied most of his time. Later, the pursuit of better life drove him to move to the city. Through his hard work, he has soon become a department manager in an international corporation.
	
	Admittedly, I am not denying that there are still some weakness of city life. For instance, the enviroment in city leaves much to be desired. We often hear that people in city complain about the worsening living conditions, as air pollution and water pollutions increase. But villager are never vexed by these problems. However, the government and the public are trying to figure our effective methods to ease the current situation, and many green technologies are being put into application. I believe that in the near future, city dwellers will enjoy and ideal living enviroment. 
	
	In conclusion, my preference for living in city has been well illustrated by the above-mentioned reasons and examples. Despite some problems, city is still a better place for young people to choose.