Have the government done enough job to make people keep a balance lifestyle and healthy diet?

	It is universislly acknowledged that a balanced lifestyle and healthy eating habits are important to ourlife. Lately, a heated discussion has risen concerning whether the government has done ehough to educate people the importance of a balanced lifestyle and healthy eating habits. In my opinion, what the government has done is far from enough. I'm going to present two typical cases to prove the validity of my viewpoints.
	
	Firstly, there are too many workers who often work overtime . Due to the increasingly fierce competition in society, lots of employees have to full an all-nighter to finish endless assingments. As a result, they will feell exhausted next day, but there are still many new assignment waiting to be dealt with. This situation puts them in the state of sub-health. It is commonly observed that many people go to the hoapital for an IV drip either to cure diseases or energize their body. Thus, if government successfullt aroused citizens' awarenedd of keeping fit, ther would not be a large number of sub healthy people.
	
	Secondly, junk food and fast foodn have occupied a large portion of poelple's diet structure. With the quickening of modern life, people prefer to eat fast food in order to squeeze some time off for work or study. But the majority of fast food, like hamburger or fried chicken, is unhealthy, high in suger, fat or salt. Undoubtly, the excessive intake of these kinds food leads to many disease. According to a survey, three out of ten people in our country are overweight, which relects a fact that government fails to educate people to keep a healthy eating habit.
	
	Admittedly, I am not saying that government is good for nothing, and it indeed has taken some measure to guarentee its citizens' health. For instance, a lot of funds have been invested in the field of public health care, and we can see the equipment in hospital is getting increasingly advanced. However, what the government has done is nothing but a remedy aiming to fix the problems, which is just like mending the broken fences. So the government still has a long way to go to be counted as responsibel and effective.
	
	From what has been discussed above, we can safely draw a conclusion that the government has not done enough to educate people to keep balanced lifestyle and healthy eating habits. In society, a lot of people still work overtime and eat junk foods.